welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the garden of words
the garden of words opens at the start
of the rainy season in tokyo with takao
akuzuki
chew shao shang akazuki a 15 year old
student and aspiring shoemaker
opting to skip his first class and
sketch shoe designs in the garden at
shinjuku gyoen
there he encounters yukari yukino
shuaibai
yukino yukari a 27 year old woman who is
skipping work
yukari bids him farewell with a tonka a
form of japanese poetry
leaving takao puzzled as to its origin
and meaning
the two continue to encounter each other
and socialize in the park on rainy
mornings
but never formally introduce themselves
takao decides to make a pair of shoes in
her size
with the end of the rainy season he
stops visiting the park and focuses on
his work
yukari in the garden of words from
maniochu
book 11 verse 2513
following summer break takao returns to
school and spots yukari
discovering that she is a literature
teacher and had been the target of
gossip and bullying
to avoid further confrontation yukari
opted to avoid work and retreat to the
park
hoping she would learn to overcome her
fears
however she quits her job and leaves the
school
that afternoon takao meets yukari at the
park and greets her by reciting the
2514th poem from the maniochu japanese
poetry collection
the correct response to her tonka which
he found in a classic japanese
literature textbook
after getting soaked by a sudden
thunderstorm both head to yukari's
apartment
and spend the afternoon together when
takao confesses his love
yukari is moved but reminds him that she
is a teacher and that she is moving back
to her hometown on shokoku
after takao excuses himself yukari
realizes her mistake and runs after him
still upset takao angrily takes back
what he had said and criticizes her for
being so secretive and never opening up
to him
yukari embraces him and the two cry
while she explains that their time
together in the park had saved her
to cow in the garden of words from
maniochu book
11 verse 2514 the credits
show takao barely passing his final
exams
but still working towards his goals
while yukari moves back to shokoku and
resumes her teaching career
in a post-credits scene takao revisits
the park that
winter reads a letter from yukari places
her finished shoes on the bench
then vows that he will find her after he
has made progress with his career
in the manga illustrated by midori
motohashi
scenes were either added or slightly
modified from the anime version
for example after the conclusion of the
rainy season
takao was unable to visit the park
during the only rainy morning that
summer because he had scheduled to visit
the footwear college he wanted to attend
disappointing yukari who had hoped to
see him
at the conclusion of the story yukari is
seen wearing the shoes takao had made
for her
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you